updated steps (#532)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/identity-access-policies.md

- Android
- Windows 10

> To create a new app protection policy, log in to the Microsoft Azure portal with your administer credentials, and then navigate to **Client apps > App protection policies**. Choose **Create policy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new app protection policy, sign in to the Microsoft Azure portal with your administrator credentials, and then navigate to **Client apps** > **App protection policies**. Choose **Create policy**.
```
